readme.md, before:

# Chordboard

Be able to type using controllers, starting with Xbox and Oculus Touch. Currently it only works with the Xbox controller (any) but only uses buttons which are available on the Oculus Touch. 

Currently there's no solution for touch typing with a controller of any kind. 

# Quickstart

* Install pygame from http://www.pygame.org/download.shtml
* `pip install pyautogui`
* With an Xbox controller plugged in: `python3 main.py`

# Current goal 4/23

Refactor how modifiers are handled in `lib/chorded` and `lib/maps` to be better. Shift should act like shift on a smartphone. Tap to activate, disable after 1 character, double tap to keep on, hold to keep on. 

# How it works

1. `main.py` initializes the Xbox controller and starts listening for input
2. Input is passed to `lib/chorded` which stores button state 
3. `lib/chorded` asks `lib/maps` what letter should be printed given the state
4. The letter is returned to the main loop and output

![how to gif](https://i.imgur.com/t4z772K.gif)

Commit message:

key-up and key-down events are now handled
This was a massive rewrite which changed everything. Now instead of just
printing characters out immediately as they're matched, key-up and
key-down events are generated.

The hardware specific code was also factored out into its own hardware
manager class. This massively reduced the code in the key state manager
class which will make it much easier for someone to edit the important
parts.

However, this did break the neat android-esque way of handling keys like
'shift'. So that will have to be fixed.

readme.md, after:

# Chordboard

Be able to type using controllers, starting with Xbox and Oculus Touch. Currently it only works with the Xbox controller (any) but only uses buttons which are available on the Oculus Touch. 

Currently there's no solution for touch typing with a controller of any kind. 

# Quickstart

* Install pygame from http://www.pygame.org/download.shtml
* `pip install pyautogui`
* With an Xbox controller plugged in: `python3 main.py`

# Current goal 5/13

Fix key events to work with key-down and key-up

# How it works

1. `main.py` initializes the Xbox controller and starts listening for input
2. Input is passed to `lib/chorded` which stores button state 
3. `lib/chorded` asks `lib/maps` what letter should be printed given the state
4. The letter is returned to the main loop and output

![how to gif](https://i.imgur.com/t4z772K.gif)

# Credit
To the awesome r4dian for the windows xbox controller handling code. 

https://github.com/r4dian/Xbox-360-Controller-for-Python
